Write a program for storing information on on a series of balls collected by a person.  The balls should have these characteristics:

1. Diameter in mm

2. Color

3. if the texture of the surface is smooth or rough

4. an identification id/number

The program should allow the person to enter the values for the balls' attributes as they are entered in a database.  The program should then offer the choice to save all new data into a file.

Next, the program should offer these operations:

1. List all balls with diameters above 10mm (Show all attribute values)

2. List all balls with less or equal to 10mm (Show all attribute values)

3. Show all balls that are smooth (Show all attribute values as a list)

4. Show all balls that are rough (Show all attribute values as a list)

5. Find a specific ball based on its id (Show all attributes)

6. How many balls of a specific color are in the database? (Show a total)

 

Program requirements:

1. The program must be OOP

2. Use of an array as temporary buffer to store ball objects

3. Move content of array to file

4. Retrieve all objects in file to an array at run time

5. Use of menus  to direct user on the various available options for the program.

6. Use of header files for the classes need for this program (Use a project setup rather than a single app).

 

Delivery requirements:

1. Source code

2. Sample files generated by the program

3.  A word document that summarizes your work with screenshots of your program running and generating outputs based on your menu selections.  All menu options must be tested!

4. A conclusion within the above document about your performance in completing this task.  This is going to be important for me to read and assess what needs to be done at the beginning of this course to bring each one of you to a level where CS230 will be performed without struggles.

 

DEADLINE IS FIRM!

This exam will count towards your final grade.

All work must be done on an individual basis.  This is not a shared or group project, work on your own.  You can consult the Internet or textbooks but you may not copy code that's not yours.

Try to not upload zipped files